[Music]
have you ever engaged in a pleasant
conversation with a police officer who
stopped you on the road if you have then
you've probably given them a lot of
useful info without even realizing it
the police have much more up their
sleeves than you might think and a
superhero Arsenal is just one of many of
those things but first things first
you're guilty until proven otherwise
ever heard of presumption of innocence
well it might work in some countries but
in many places around the globe it's the
other way around
when you're stopped by a police officer
who's accusing you of something you'd
better recall your alibi and fast the
thing is even if you are presumed
innocent by the laws of the country
you're in when dealing with the police
you have to be extra cautious not to get
yourself in trouble this especially
concerns road traffic regulations in
most countries they're real tricky and
without knowing them to a tee you might
get fined when you actually haven't done
anything wrong padding your trunk isn't
just a random gesture while we're on the
topic of road police if you're a driver
you must have noticed how police
officers touched the trunk or taillight
of your car when they pull you over if
you thought it was something of a
signature move you're in for a surprise
this way the officer is leaving their
fingerprints on your car they would
serve as evidence if something happened
to the officer during your conversation
there's another reason for tapping your
taillight - if the drivers pulled over
and trying to hide something
the sound of the tap will startle them
giving the police officer additional
moments to approach the front of the car
and see what they're not supposed to see
in driver's opinion so two birds with
one stone
sirens have different modes for
different situations you've heard all of
them if you live in a city or at least
watched a movie involving a police chase
but have you ever asked yourself why a
police car would need four different
blares in fact there's a good reason for
that some modes are better for certain
circumstances than others for example on
a long stretch of the road the wail mode
that long rule sound is best because it
can be heard from a distance before an
intersection or among tall buildings the
Yelp mode which has a faster beat is
used because it bounces off the
surrounding walls better the high-low
mode can be used in different situations
but it's generally reserved for dense
traffic and finally the air horn is a
short low blare used to scare off
inattentive drivers see simple and
useful cops and donuts aren't like
peanut butter and jelly the cops love
donuts stereotype has become so
omnipresent that many police officers
even stay away from donut shops at all
costs not to feed the myth in fact the
reason why this common belief even
appeared has nothing to do with pastry
it's all about coffee police officers
often work night shifts and there's
basically no other place they could take
a coffee break at this time but a donut
shop more often than not they don't even
take Donuts just a cup of hot black
stuff to keep them up they can and will
lie to you to get your confession you
probably know the good cop bad cop
strategy from the movies but what you
perhaps don't realize is that the police
officers job when they have you brought
to the office is to get as much
information from you as possible and
they have a legal right to do it by
lying in your face the only thing
they're not allowed to do is making your
confession involuntary that means they
can't threaten you or do anything to
make you confess
none of your own free will but they
absolutely can trick you into confessing
if you're indeed guilty that is act
first talk later in the US if 911 call
that potentially requires immediate
action they will send out a SWAT team
that will first break down the door and
put everyone on the floor and only then
ask questions the good thing here is
that a real danger to other people would
be promptly eliminated by the police
the downside well if you've been pranked
and someone called 911 and your address
you'd be the one kissing your own floor
for no good reason
this practice is called swatting and
it's been gaining alarming popularity
among the stupid people in recent years
to expose people to high risk both the
police and the innocent occupants merely
for a prank is a sure sign that there is
no intelligent life behind it the thin
blue line you may have seen this symbol
on the streets but never paid much
attention to it in fact it's a sign to
all the members of the police out there
that here's a supporter the police
actually have a sort of Brotherhood and
you can't blame them for that their job
is dangerous and they really risk their
lives every day they need any help they
can get and the thin blue line is a
universal symbol that says I'm here I'm
with you for example police officers
off-duty can wear this symbol somewhere
on their clothes and if something
happens when they're around they'll know
each other from afar and can help other
members of their Brotherhood when
necessary
[Music]
they care for each other don't get me
wrong I'm not talking favoritism or
something it's just that once again the
job the police do is a dangerous one and
who else would stand up for them if not
their colleagues and friends as soon as
one of them gets into trouble others
will try to get them out of there but
they always remember that reputation of
the whole police force is at stake and
it sometimes is a rather difficult
choice whether to help your fellow
officer who made a misstep and risk the
public opinion or to save the
law-enforcement reputation but leave
your colleague in need we're all human
after all now what would you do in such
a situation let me know down in the
comments a friendly chat is not what it
seems when a police officer stops you on
the road for no obvious reason what's
your first reaction me I usually get
kind of rigid inside thinking I've made
some major mistake and they're gonna put
me facedown on the hood of my car
see I've watched too much TV in most
cases it's all much friendlier than that
the officer approaches you and asks you
a couple of pretty innocent questions
like where you're going from and where
you're headed
you might relax at this point and answer
truthfully but be aware that your
information may be used by the police to
their own ends for instance if it's a
party you're going from they'll know
that someone just might be drinking and
driving out there that's how you help
the law without even knowing it they
wear superhero belts this is no joke
guys a police officer on duty is
equipped more or less like Batman hmm
they'll have everything from handcuffs
and a radio to a whole arsenal needed to
take down criminals on the run the only
thing that's not on their super belt are
the keys from the Batmobile it's
probably just too expensive to give
every beat cop one but hey I bet we'd
all be much safer if they did Drive
those things
most of what they do is paperwork having
seen lots of detective shows and movies
I've always thought the police had a
life full of thrill and excitement
chasing criminals and stuff but in fact
like almost everyone else they have to
do lots of boring things filing
documents filling in some blanks
compiling reports and so on I can't help
you on even saying this stuff out loud
so if you've ever considered a job in
the police force because of all the
romantic atmosphere well think again
they know everything and more about you
if you have a friend in the police you'd
be surprised at how much they already
know about you even if you didn't tell
them anything
whether you leave your fingerprints say
to obtain a passport you'll become part
of the police database in that same
instant also police cars are equipped
with cameras that automatically read
your license plates take your picture
and put your geolocation on the map
after that the file the camera snapped
is stored in the archive well pretty
much forever so yeah the police do know
what you did last summer
mm-hmm their cynical for a reason it's a
common belief that most police officers
are quite cynical well in truth the same
can be said about any professional
working with people on a daily basis
doctors firefighters lawyers insurance
agents you name it anyone who is
constantly dealing with other people's
problems inevitably builds an emotional
wall between themselves and the rest of
the world think of it as a protective
mechanism like I said it's a tough but
highly important job and I'm glad for
the good people who are doing it me hey
I crashed my SUV in a high mountain road
one time during extremely bad weather
luckily I wasn't hurt and I was so happy
to see the officer arrived help me
out of the wrecked vehicle and make sure
I was all right only then did he write
me a ticket true story so what's been
your experience with law enforcement let
me know down in the comments hey if you
learned something new today then give
this video a like and share with a
friend but don't confess your crimes to
the police just yet why we have over
2,000 cool videos for you to check out
just click on this left or right video
and enjoy hey stay on the bright side of
life